{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh16920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn\'92t know what 42 is?\
\
42 school is not a classical school. It\'92s without teachers and special classes. 42 is an a non-standard educational setting. 42 is free software engineering school. 42 is a school from the future.\
\
2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests? \
\
There aren\'92t instructions on the initial logic test to school because 42 is trying to see how you can thinking, how you can understand, which mind and logic do you have.\
\
3. What are the core 42 principles?\
\
42 school isn\'92t have a teachers so, to me, the core principles that you need to communicate and study with other students, also the school program is based around your schedule.\
\
4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it\'92s worth their time? \
\
Sure, I think if people has no coding experience they can come and worth time, sure, if people really want to do it because I came here without experience.\
\
5. What makes 42 unique?\
\
In my opinion, that 42 is very unique school. A lot of intellectual people here. The curriculum is project based, but without teachers. You communicate with other students and share experience.\
\
6. What do you think you\'92re learning the most at 42? \
\
I think I\'92m learning at 42 is how to learn. How to communicate with others people, how to find the problems and solve it with other students. For me, it\'92s most important in software engineering.\
\
7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you\'92ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be? \
\
If I\'92m stuck on a problem and have no idea what to do, I will help the others people and then I will understand what I can to do. And also, I think, all problems are solvable :)\
\
8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?\
\
I came here because I really want to study. My personal motivation is in my mind. I have been given an extraordinary oppurtunity, so why I need to waste time? :)\
\
9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say? \
\
In my opinion that 42 is giving a career foundation. Internships and jobs are required at school. I think, the goal in the 42 that we grow personally and successful on life. I think the most important that you really like to do it and 42 is help you.\
\
10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one? \
\
At first you need to reach level 7 and then you have choice to take an intership. 42 can reach out to developers and companies and will do for you an interview. Then students need to manage their time in school and work and then if you will have success you can move out of the dorms and leaving school and will have a perfect future.\
\
11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?\
\
42 helps to adapt to a work place in a few different ways. At first, communicate with others people. The length of the time you spend in the lab allows you to get accustomed to the hours of an actual work day. And also, int the school you have a projects, so it helps to you decide the problems at work.}